hey guys Cassey here I am really excited
about the recipe I have to show you
today it's a Korean dish called beating
Bob and it's this great mixture of rice
and tons of veggies and meat all mixed
together with spicy red pepper paste and
it is delicious now if you've seen some
of my videos before you know that I'm
currently learning Korean and actually
one of my favorite things about Korea is
its food it is a country full of amazing
food and I just love and free bit of it
so let's go in the kitchen and I'll show
you how to make vegan Bob first things
first
prepare sushi rice or any kind of short
grain rice according to package
instructions
let it cook while you work on the meat
and veggies then Lee slice 3 medium
steaks or buy it pre sliced if you can
add 2 cloves finely chopped garlic 2
tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce
a splash of sesame oil and a medium
pinch of dark brown sugar
mix everything together and let it sit
in the fridge while you prepare the
veggies first thinly slice 6 ounces of
shitake mushrooms
then thinly slice three ounces of baby
carrots cut a large zucchini into three
parts
sliced lengthwise
I cut into matchsticks we'll be adding
some baby spinach later but there's no
need to cut it now to cook the meat heat
about a tablespoon of vegetable oil in a
large pan over medium-high heat add the
meat and all the marinade as well
cook stirring frequently until the meat
is browned and cooked through
then set the meat aside covered with
foil and add the mushrooms to cook in
the juices to the mushrooms add one
tablespoon low-sodium soy sauce a splash
of sesame oil and a pinch of dark brown
sugar cook until browned and softened
set aside to drain on paper towels and
cover to keep warm next cook the carrots
with 1/2 TSP salt a bit of sesame oil
and a half tablespoon of honey again
cook until softened and set aside on
paper towels to drain off excess oil and
keep them covered
before we cook the zucchini I'm going to
deglaze the pan to get rid of all those
bark bits to do this you can use some
kind of wine or soju like I'm using here
turn off the heat and add a splash then
use your spatula to loosen the burnt
bits since these are just burnt and we
don't want them to discolor the zucchini
we'll just wipe the pan at the paper
towel and add a bit of fresh oil now
turn the heat back to medium-high and
cook the zucchini with a 1/2 teaspoon
salt until soft and set aside like the
other veggies covered and on paper
towels to drain now add 6 ounces baby
spinach to the pan plus one tablespoon
low-sodium soy sauce and 1 clove finely
chopped garlic cook until the spinach is
wilted but still green and then set
aside on paper towels to drain finally
for each person fry an egg sunny-side up
with a pinch of salt before we assemble
the beating bap be sure to grab some
gochujang aka red pepper paste to add as
well first put a layer of rice in the
bottom of the bowl place the egg on top
and surround with veggies and Gotha
and done
now you've got a big bull a beautiful
beating bout now that our bebop is all
done let's give it a try this is what I
love about beating Bob with each bite
you get all of those different flavors
and they blend together and just taste
amazing and so guys I hope you give this
recipe a try for yourselves and also let
me know if you like it and also if you
have any other Korean recipes that you'd
like to try let me know or if there's
any other Korean recipes or dishes that
you think I should try let me know too
and um well I'm a little bit hungry so
I'm gonna go back to eating this and I
will see you guys later bye
you